feat: add changelog for v3.13.0 (#109)
reviewpad/docs: src/pages/changelog/reviewpad-v3130-faro-edition.md

## New features :fire:

> - Get a [metrics report](/guides/syntax#mode) when the pull request is merged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get the [metrics report](/guides/syntax#mode) when the pull request is merged.
```

## Improvements :rocket: {#improvements}

> - Add closure reason to [`close`](/guides/built-ins#close).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the parameter reason to [`close`](/guides/built-ins#close). Applicable only for issues.
```

Author: I don't think "parameter reason" makes much sence 😕

Reviewer: Ok. Just append the `Applicable only for issues.`
